feat(astro): Document `assets` sourcemaps upload option (#8586)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/overview/javascript.astro.mdx

});
```

### Disable Source Maps Upload

You can disable automatic source maps upload in your Astro config:

```javascript {filename:astro.config.mjs}
export default defineConfig({
  integrations: [
    sentry({
      // Other Sentry options
      sourceMapsUploadOptions: {
        enabled: false,
      },
    }),
  ],
});
```

### Setting Source Maps Assets directory

By default, the Sentry Astro integration will look for source maps in sensible default directories, depending on your `outDir`, `rootDir` and `adapter` configuration.

> If these defaults don't work for you (e.g. due to an advanced customized build setup or an unsupported adapter), you can specify the `assets` option to point to the folder(s) where your source maps are located:

Reviewer: We don't use i.e. and e.g. according to our style guide.

```suggestion
If these defaults don't work for you (for example, due to an advanced customized build setup or an unsupported adapter), you can specify the `assets` option to point to the folder(s) where your source maps are located:
```

Author: right, thx for catching!
